all right so hello there everybody um
today I'm here with the quick video I
had some requests for making a video on
how to actually update your Galaxy s5 on
ett or if you're on another network and
you want to update it um this is just my
tutorial on how to update your phone to
lollipop I am on the line pup right now
so I have done it already but I'll just
bring the process and hopefully people
who won this video I hope this helps you
out a lot and yeah let's get into this
video alright so if you're like many
people and you just want to simply
update your phone to lollipop go swipe a
lock screen here and just go right into
your settings now as you go down all the
way we see about device right here I
will show you it up here so you guys can
see that icon very closely and yeah so
basically you just want to click on that
icon as I did there and then we want to
go down to where it says um actually
it's right at the top for me software
updates click on that so it'll bring
this little page here and all you got to
do is click check for updates and hit OK
and immediately you should see that it
says there's a new update for your phone
and you'll easily just update from there
it'll give you the installation and you
will be easily updated to Android L from
your Samsung Galaxy s5 but if you like a
few others and a few people I know you
had issues with the doing the update on
your phone it might give you an error
like ever interrupted or um error
couldn't download it all the way um I'm
gonna help you guys out and show you how
to manually um actually update your
phone to lollipop so in order to do that
you're going
need a Mac or PC sadly you're going to
need a Mac or PC it's just you need the
program on the computer in order to do
this but if you have a Mac or PC and you
need help manually updating your s5
continue watching this video okay guys
so basically if you're still with me
right now you want to see how to
manually update your phone as maybe you
had problems during the process and etc
so first of all you want to go to the
samsung.com slash us slash keys website
I'll put that down in the description
below if you want the link to proceed
easily but you live in another country
go and find the program um it's
basically once you're at this page sorry
I'm getting some push button
notifications because I actually really
enjoy the program
but you just want the download button
here and it will easily download and
definitely download kai is three because
you will be on 4.3 or later versions so
it'll bring you to this and it will
start your actual download okay guys so
well once this has finished downloading
in the Chrome browser you just want to
click it open it and um go through the
Installer here so it brings it up and
basically installs it onto your computer
now I do already have it installed on
this computer so I will not need to
reinstall it yeah so as it says I will
not need uninstall it but go through the
setup process and um we'll continue on
alright so once you guys have finished
downloading the program of course um go
to your desktop or wherever you save the
file to and click it and open it
basically and Mac you just open it the
same way this should all be the same on
a Mac basically and if you have a Mac
you not use it so so I feel a little bit
fuzzing that's just my microphone and
you get replaced alright so basically
I'm going to go and connect my Samsung
Galaxy s5
to my computer here make sure you use
the Samsung labelled cable hair so
definitely use the Samsung label K cable
alright let's plug it in here alright so
once you have plugged in your phone your
computer should recognize that there
shouldn't be any problems so yeah my
computer has recognized the device are
I'm getting all these hangouts chat
messages oh yeah and my computer by
default of course brings up all my
photos because I am obsessed with photos
but yeah so once you're in here up as I
said earlier oops sorry my mic went out
there as I said earlier I do have the
latest firmware so it is updated on my
phone but if you're not updated it will
show this thing right here and it will
say you need to update your firmware and
basically click that and your firmware
firmware cannot speak tonight firmware
oh and my microphone doesn't to work
firmware will start downloading so yeah
and that's basically how you manually
update it it will show your your
firmware and it'll say you need the
latest update and it is a much smoother
way of downloading the update just you
know you won't get those problems that
you had before so yeah and then after
you're done with that close the program
and go back to your S 5 as I will here
in a moment okay guys so once your
device has finished updating it will do
a reboot here so let's just wait for my
Samsung Galaxy s5 to reboot to lollipop
so nothing really looks different in the
booting process you get the AT&T logo
here if you are on AT&T just a boot up
here and there you go you should be on
lollipop you should see the dialer I
wouldn't hit my tripod here you can see
the dialer cetera and yeah you'll be
updated to while I pop you see I got the
lollipop style notifications wipe up
style slider you get the new dialer pad
here
I will leave it a link down below in the
description for my first impressions of
the lollipop update so definitely go
check that video I was pretty awesome
and I've really enjoyed this update by
the way okay guys so that's it for this
video I hope this guy's helped you out
in further you know getting to get
lollipop on your amazing Galaxy s5
so I hope this you guys enjoyed this and
I hope it helped you out um have any any
any other questions put them down the
comments if you have any video
recommendations put them down the
comments I will do them so yeah um if
you are intricate wireless I know I've
had people that have asked me that
perkier Wireless um I have no
information on that right now they don't
but I believe don't get the updates the
same time as the um ATT galaxy s5
because you have to have the gala ATT's
SIM card in so hang it for your Cricut
users but hopefully in the future you
will get it I will be posting if you
guys do get it so yeah thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you really
enjoyed this video and I hope you found
it extremely useful and yeah like
comment and definitely subscribe to my
video my channel of my videos you can
subscribe to a video what I'm talking
about
definitely subscribe to my channel and
that's gave me about it smell because
you in technology are amazing in peace
Wow